Congratulations, you've just
implemented the C++ comma filter for
one dimensional tracking problem.
But now let's say that our vehicle
sounds are able to provide
the measurements in 2D.
Here we are in the lesson map.
At this point we need to
rethink the predictions.
step.
And first, we have define
the state transition matrix, F,
and the process covariance matrix, Q.
So we have the following changes.
First, as our pedestrian is moving along
both horizontal and vertical directions.
We want to estimate now a 2D
position and 2D velocity.
So we have a 4D state vector.
Xx is equal to Px, Py, Vx, Vy.
Second we'll use the same linear
motion model with the custom velocity.
So, the new x and
y position will be the old positions +
the displacement, which is the same
as the velocity * delta t.
The velocity along both x and
y axes stays the same.
So, this gives us the following
state transition equation.
Expressed in a matrix form as you
can see here and below this video.
The third main change is that
delta t is not constant anymore.
In reality,
the time elapsed between two.
Two consecutive observations might vary.
But let's look a bit closer
at the MOTION NOISE,
because you didn't really use
this before with Sebastian.
I want to challenge your
intuition with two quizzes.